[FEAT] Add usage of AUTOUPGRADE_DISABLE_AVAILABLE_UPDATE_MODAL variable (#1418)
PrestaShop/autoupgrade: README.md

| `backup:restore`                            | no option available                           | `--backup`                     | Valid file name                                                                         | Specify the backup name to restore. The allowed values can be found with backup:list command)                                                 |
| `backup:delete`                             | no option available                           | `--backup`                     | Valid file name                                                                         | Specify the backup name to delete. The allowed values can be found with backup:list command)                                                  |
|                                             |                                               |                                |                                                                                         |                                                                                                                                               |

### Back Office Environment Variables

> You can configure module behavior by setting the following environment variables on your server or in your `.htaccess` file::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the module behavior by setting the following environment variables on your server or in your `.htaccess` file::
```

| Variable                                                    | Possible Values   | Default | Behavior                                                                                                                   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `AUTOUPGRADE_DISABLE_AVAILABLE_UPDATE_MODAL`                | `true`, `false`   | `true`  | `true` disables the update modal and short-circuits the entire check (no API call, no timestamp update, no modal display). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AUTOUPGRADE_DISABLE_AVAILABLE_UPDATE_MODAL`                | `true`, `false`   | `true`  | `true` disables the update modal and shorts the entire check (no API call, no timestamp update, no modal display). |
```
